feat(eslint-plugin): replace ban-types with no-restricted-types, no-unsafe-function-type, no-wrapper-object-types (#9102)
typescript-eslint/typescript-eslint: packages/eslint-plugin/docs/rules/no-unsafe-function-type.mdx

---
description: 'Disallow using the unsafe built-in Function type.'
---

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

> 🛑 This file is source code, not the primary documentation location! 🛑
>
> See **https://typescript-eslint.io/rules/no-unsafe-function-type** for documentation.

TypeScript's built-in `Function` type allows being called with any number of arguments and returns type `any`.

> `Function` also allows classes or plain objects object that happens to possess all properties of the `Function` class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Function` also allows classes or plain objects that happen to possess all properties of the `Function` class.
```
